=head1 NAME

fcm export-items

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Exports directories in SOURCE as a list of versioned items.

This command is used to support a legacy working practice, in which directories
in a source tree are regarded as individual versioned items.

    fcm export-items [OPTIONS] SOURCE

=head1 ARGUMENTS

The SOURCE should be the URL of a branch in a Subversion repository with the
standard FCM layout.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --config-file=PATH, --file=PATH, -f PATH

Specify the path to the configuration file.
(default=$PWD/fcm-export-items.cfg)

=item --directory=PATH, -C PATH

Specify the path to the destination. (default=$PWD)

=item --new, -N

Specify the new mode. In this mode, everything is re-exported. Otherwise, the
system runs in incremental mode, in which the version directories are only
updated if they do not already exist.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

The configuration file should be in the deprecated FCM 1 configuration format.
The label in each entry should be a path relative to the source URL. If the path
ends in * then the path is expanded recursively and any sub-directories
containing regular files are added to the list of relative paths to export. The
value may be empty, or it may be a list of space separated "conditions". Each
condition is a conditional operator (>, >=, <, <=, == or !=) followed by a
revision number. The command uses the revision log to determine the revisions at
which the relative path has been updated in the source URL. If these revisions
also satisfy the "conditions" set by the user, they will be considered in the
export.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) British Crown (Met Office) & Contributors..

=cut
