=head1 NAME

fcm branch-list (blist, bls)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Searches and lists branches in projects. By default, it lists only branches
created by the current user.

    fcm branch-list [OPTIONS] [TARGET ...]

=head1 ARGUMENTS

If no TARGET is specified, the current working directory is assumed to be the
target. Each target must either be a URL[@REV] or a PATH[@REV] to a working copy
of a standard FCM project.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --only=DEPTH:PATTERN, ...

Specify a regular expression to match at various depth. E.g.  with the normal
FCM branch naming convention, C<--only=1:dev --only=2:fred> will display only
the development branches owned by user ID "fred". (This option is cumalative,
and overrides the --show-all and --user=PATTERN options.)

=item --quiet, -q

Decreases verbosity. Only prints branches matching the search criteria.

=item --show-all, -a

Print branches of all users. (This option overrides the --user=USER option.)

=item --url

Displays Subversion URL instead of FCM location keywords.

=item --user=PATTERN, -u PATTERN

Equivalent to --only=2:^PATTERN$ for projects with the normal FCM branch naming
convention. Lists branches created by the specified list of users instead of the
current user. With the normal FCM branch naming convention, you can also list
shared branches by specifying the user as "Share", configuration branches by
specifying the user as "Config" and release branches by specifying the user as
"Rel". (This option is cumalative.)

=back

=cut
