=head1 NAME

fcm make

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Invokes the FCM make system. See the user guide for detail.

    fcm make [OPTIONS] [DECLARATION ...]

=head1 ARGUMENTS

Each argument is considered to be a declaration line to append to the
configuration file.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --archive, -a

Switch on archive mode. In archive mode, intermediate files will be put into
TAR-GZIP archives on completion, e.g. extract system:
C<.fcm-make/cache/extract/>, and build system: C<build/include/> and
C<build/o/>.

The archive mode is not suitable for a make that will be inherited or used by
other makes.

=item --config-file-path=PATH, -F PATH

Specify paths for searching configuration files specified in relative paths.

=item --config-file=PATH, --file=PATH, -f PATH

Specify paths to the configuration files. (default = fcm-make.cfg in the
current working directory)

=item --directory=PATH, -C PATH

Change directory to C<PATH> before doing anything. (default = $PWD)

=item --ignore-lock

Ignore lock file. When the system is invoked, it sets up a lock file in the
destination.  The lock is normally removed when the system completes the make.
While the lock file is in place, another make invoked in the same destination
will fail. This option can be used to bypass this check.

=item --jobs=N, -j N

Specify the number of (child) processes that can be run simultaneously.

=item --name=NAME, -n NAME

Specify a name for the make, so that the command will search for
fcm-makeC<NAME>.cfg instead of fcm-make.cfg, and will write context files in
.fcm-makeC<NAME>/ and log files as fcm-makeC<NAME>.log, etc.

=item --new, -N

Remove items in the destination created by the previous make, and starts a new
make.

=item --quiet, -q

Decrease the verbosity level.

=item --verbose, -v

Increase the verbosity level.

=back

=cut
