=head1 NAME

fcm merge

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Merge changes from a source into your working copy.

    1. fcm merge SOURCE
    2. fcm merge --custom  --revision N[:M] SOURCE
       fcm merge --custom  URL[\@REV1] URL[\@REV2]
    3. fcm merge --reverse --revision [M:]N

=over 4

=item 1.

If neither --custom nor --reverse is specified, the command merges changes
automatically from SOURCE into your working copy. SOURCE must be a valid
URL[@REV] of a branch in a standard FCM project. The base of the merge will be
calculated automatically based on the common ancestor and latest merge
information between the SOURCE and the branch of the working copy.

=item 2.

If --custom is specified, the command can be used in two forms.
  
In the first form, it performs a custom merge from the specified changeset(s) of
SOURCE into your working copy. SOURCE must be a valid URL[@REV] of a branch in
a standard FCM project. If a single revision is specified, the merge delta is (N
- 1):N of SOURCE. Otherwise, the merge delta, is N:M of SOURCE, where N < M.
     
In the second form, it performs a custom merge using the delta between the two
specified branch URLs. For each URL, if a peg revision is not specified, the
command will peg the URL with its last changed revision.

=item 3.

If --reverse is specified, the command performs a reverse merge of the
changeset(s) specified by the --revision=M:N option. If a revision is not
specified with --rev=M:N, it attempts to merge the delta COMMITTED:(COMMITTED -
1). If a single revision N is specified, the merge delta is N:(N - 1).
Otherwise, the merge delta is M:N, where M > N. Note that you do not have to
specify a SOURCE for a reverse merge, because the SOURCE should always be the
branch your working copy is pointing to.
  
=back

The command provide a commit log message template following the merge.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item --auto-log

In automatic mode, adds the log messages of the merged revisions in the commit
log. Has no effect in other merge modes.

=item --dry-run

Try operation but make no changes.

=item --non-interactive

Do no interactive prompting.

=item --revision=REV, -r REV

Specify a (range of) revision number(s).

=item --verbose, -v

Print extra information.

=back

=cut
