=head1 NAME

fcm build (bld)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Invokes the deprecated FCM 1 build system.

    fcm build [OPTIONS] [CFGFILE]

=head1 ARGUMENTS

The path to a CFGFILE may be provided. Otherwise, the build system searches the
default locations for a bld cfg file.

=head1 OPTIONS

If no option is specified, the options "-s 5 -t all -j 1 -v 1" are assumed.

=over 4

=item --archive, -a

Archive sub-directories on success. If archive mode is switched on, build
sub-directories that are only used in the build process will be archived to
TAR-GZIP files.

=item --clean

Clean the destination.

=item --full, -f

Run in full mode. If the option for full build is specified, the
sub-directories created by previous builds will be removed, so that the current
build can start cleanly.

=item --ignore-lock

Ignore lock file. When a build is invoked, it sets up a lock file in the build
root directory.  The lock is normally removed at the end of the build. While the
lock file is in place, the build commands invoked in the same root directory
will fail. If you need to bypass this check for whatever reason, you can invoke
the build system with this option.

=item --jobs=N, -j N

Specify the number of parallel jobs.

=item --stage=N, -s N

Run command up to a named stage. The stages are:

=over 4

=item "1", "s" or "setup"

Stage 1, setup.

=item "2", "pp" or "pre_process"

Stage 2, pre-process.

=item "3", "gd" or "generate_dependency"

Stage 3, generate dependency.

=item "4", "gi" or "generate_interface"

Stage 4, generate Fortran 9X interface.

=item "5", "m", "make"

Stage 5, make.

=back

=item --targets=TARGETS, -t TARGETS

List of build targets, delimited by (:). If specified, the default targets
declared in the configuration file will not be used.

=item --verbose=N, -v N

Specify the verbosity level. If specified, the verbosity level must be an
integer greater than 0. Verbosity level 0 is the quiet mode. Increasing the
verbosity level will increase the amount of diagnostic output.

=back

=cut
